feat(nuxt): client only page (#25037)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/2.guide/2.directory-structure/1.pages.md

You may define a path matcher, if you have a more complex pattern than can be expressed with the file name. See [the `vue-router` docs](https://router.vuejs.org/guide/essentials/route-matching-syntax.html#custom-regex-in-params) for more information.

#### `clientOnly`

> Will wrap your page in [the Nuxt `<ClientOnly>` component](/docs/api/components/client-only) if you set `clientOnly: true` in your `definePageMeta`. This might be useful if you trying to import library that depends on `window` in page file.

Reviewer: I'd word the "library" part a bit more general and give examples then. Something like

```suggestion
Will wrap your page in [the Nuxt `<ClientOnly>` component](/docs/api/components/client-only) if you set `clientOnly: true` in your `definePageMeta`. This might be useful if you trying to import library that has no support for server-side rendering, e.g. needs `document` or `window`.
```
